feat(world): add system signatures to FunctionSignatures (#2392)
latticexyz/mud: .changeset/poor-fishes-pretend.md

---
"@latticexyz/world": patch
---

> Added system signatures to the `FunctionSignatures` table, so they can be decoded by syncing the table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added system signatures to the `FunctionSignatures` table, so they can be used to generate system ABIs and decode system calls made via the world.
```
